.\" nm-connection-editor (1) manual page
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public Licence along
.\" with this manual; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2013 Red Hat, Inc.
.\"
.TH NM-CONNECTION-EDITOR "1" "15 February 2013"

.SH NAME
nm\-connection\-editor \- network connection editor for NetworkManager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nm\-connection\-editor
.RI " [ " OPTIONS " ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B nm\-connection\-editor
is a GTK\(hybased application to add, remove, and modify network connections
stored by NetworkManager.  NetworkManager must be running for any network
connections to be added, removed, or modified.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-type=<type>
Type of connection to create or show.  Values are NetworkManager
setting names, eg "802\-3\-ethernet", "802\-11\-wireless", "bridge", "bond",
"infiniband", "vlan", etc.  Does nothing if \-\-create or \-\-show
is not given.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-show
Expand or collapse the network list to highlight the network connection type
given by \-\-type.
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-create
Create a new connection of the type given by \-\-type and allow the user to
modify connection details.
.TP
.B \-e, \-\-edit=<uuid>
Show the network connection edit window for the connection of the given UUID.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nmcli(1),
.BR NetworkManager(8),
.BR nm\-applet(1).
